AppWhirr-DevTools=================Development Tools we've used during the development of AppWhirr, AppWhirr related utility code/apps.Be prepared!This repository contains binary files as well! It's helpful if you want to use one of our checkers but don't want to install the related tools, like every version of Visual Studio up from 2005.Parts of the repo=================Explanation of the parts of this repoFrameworkCheckers (folder) - Windows only--------------------------These are custom helper apps, each one can check whether a given framework is installed on the user's system or not. We wanted to test the availability of these frameworks deeply so we've decided to not to perform a simple registry checking or any other solution which checks only some files or registry keys but rather run a simple program which links against the target framework and generates a specified output if it succeeds.This way if a given framework test program generated the required output we could be sure it could run using the target framework therefor the framework is available.AppWhirr used the following framework checkers* .Net checkers: .Net 2.0, .Net 3.0, .Net 3.5, .Net 4.0 checkers* Java JRE checker: we've used to check for only the latest Java JRE* Visual Studio Redistributable checkers: the code was the same for every VS redist version, but we built these checkers separately, linking to the required versions. Included: 2005 and 2008 checkers, both 32 and 64 bit versions.We've also developed an Adobe AIR framework checker which was never used because of licensing problems. You can find the Adobe AIR checker as well in this folder.FrameworkInstallers (folder) - Windows only--------------------------This folder contained the framework installers which I've removed from this repo, but you can find the 'notes.txt' file which can be useful when you select your framework versions.QuickLogFilter--------------------------This helper was our first QML tool (Qt with QML) which could perform regex filtering on log file contents. We've used it for checking the Log files for warnings and errors, but it remained a simple regex filter performer app.